# Hero-ROMS
Original Source files for the Heathkit Hero Robot ROMS


The Hero Robot Web Source INTERNET SITE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY. By using the pages in this site, you agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree, you should not use this site.

This site is setup for the sole purpose of personal, non-commercial home, and/or educational use only.

The material in this site is provided for lawful informational purposes only.

You may download software from my site; the software, including any files, images, audio files, contained in or generated by the software, and accompanying data (together, the "Software") BUT MAY NOT delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Prior written consent must be obtained for any commercial use of software provided in this repo, It may not be distributed for financial gain, nor can it be included in commercial collections or compilations without express permission from the author. The removal of this notice is forbidden.

DISCLAIMER The material in this site could include technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.

THE MATERIALS IN THIS SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, I DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OR MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. I DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE MATERIAL WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

I DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF OR THE RESULT OF THE USE OF THE MATERIAL IN THIS SITE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. YOU (NOT ME) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.

RESTRICTION OF LIABILITY I will not be liable for any damages or injury caused by, including but not limited to, any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation of transmission, computer virus, or on line failure. I will not be liable for any damages or injury, including but not limited to, special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials in this site even if there is negligence by me. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you to the extent that applicable law may not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages. My total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation, negligence), or otherwise) will not exceed the amount you paid to access this site.

Happy Robot'ing, -donnie
